Junior brother, I have made the bed for you.
You're staying here tonight?
Thank you for helping me look good in front of the elders today
It's okay, just thank you.
What do you want to say?
Are you really keeping out the cold?
But the cold is dead
Just two people who look the same
Just to thank you for saving my life
But are you really here to learn medicine?
Of course. Isn't there anything else?
What you want to elaborate on
Actually I think
Master Jiang Yifeng
Fortunately, you are a gentleman
If you are half confused about your senior sister
I'll break your legs
My sister looks much younger than me
It should be called Junior Sister
I started before you
You should call me Senior Sister
The master looks very small too.
I just celebrated my 100th birthday.
Not young anymore
100.
My secret recipe for Tianmen is the technique that can last forever
You want to learn the art of removing demons and reducing demons
That's not true.
The master only teaches the art of grass bones
If you want to learn to fight and kill
No chance
So to speak
I didn't worship Zuo Shimen
Why do you say that?
Cultivation of immortals
I don't necessarily have to subdue demons
Guangji people are also righteous
You're right to think so
But you're going to die soon.
I won't live more than a month
What!
I didn't know that day what the glow on his chest was
But you can see that it is absorbing his life
Master, then you save junior brother
I don't want my brother to die
He came to worship me
The only one who can save him is me
You have a way to save him